Update documentation regarding no longer processing duplicate webhooks. (#271)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/troubleshooting.mdx

A workspace with no runs will not accept new runs from a VCS webhook. You must queue at least one run manually.

> A workspace will not process a webhook if the workspace previously processed a webhook with the same commit SHA and created a run. To trigger a run, create a new commit.

Reviewer: We should mention that the user should look at the VCS Event page to determine if a duplicate commit was received and not processed.

> A workspace will not process a webhook if the workspace previously processed a webhook with the same commit SHA and created a run. To trigger a run, create a new commit. If a workspace receives a webhook with a previously processed commit, a new event will be added to the [VCS Events](/cloud-docs/vcs#viewing-events) page documenting the received webhook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A workspace will not process a webhook if the workspace previously processed a webhook with the same commit SHA and created a run. To trigger a run, create a new commit. If a workspace receives a webhook with a previously processed commit, a Terraform Cloud will add a new event to the [VCS Events](/cloud-docs/vcs#viewing-events) page documenting the received webhook.
```
